I made a giant lava cast mountain and
now I'm painstakingly hollowing out the
entire thing. But I'm not just throwing
away countless hours because I hate
myself. The issue is that I made the
lava cast all the way back in November
2012. I never could have anticipated
that I'd still be playing in my super
flat world or all the problems the
mountain would cause. By making
mountains in this way, you end up with
hundreds of small dark holes inside the
mountain. Each one of these holes is
constantly checking if it can spawn
mobs, meaning the mountain is absolutely
packed with bats. And some of the holes
are even tall enough for other mobs to
spawn inside. and it kills the rates of
any mob farms I build nearby. After over
a decade of building in the area, the
frame rate at my base is pretty bad. So,
my only choice is to hollow this thing
out. And the worst part is cobblestone
can't be instin. And I have a rule in my
world against TNT duping. So, we're
blasting this out the oldfashioned way
with hard work. If you don't believe me,
I made a video on my side channel, Mor
Swamp, to prove